fix(dpf): start without the site-wide BMC root credential (#4167)
NVIDIA/bare-metal-manager-core: docs/getting-started/prerequisites/bmc-oob-setup.md

These are configured via `nico-admin-cli` after NICo is deployed. Refer to the [Ingesting Hosts](../../provisioning/ingesting-hosts.md) page for the credential setup commands.

> Host ingestion does not start until they are set: Site Explorer verifies the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Host ingestion does not start until these credentials are set. Site Explorer verifies the
```
